We are in Harlem. And
today we're gonna be creating a
music video.
To guide you through
today's shoot, Director X.
Hit that mark.
One take, one shot.
Give something to the
camera.nMark, mark, mark, mark.
This business,
if you would act the way
you act with me,
with other people,
you'd be blacklisted
so quickly.
You're trying
to make me laugh
right now.
I was trying
to seduce you, but fine.
Kyle:
Marissa is really hot
and really distracting.
So which one of you
is gonna stay?
Marissa.
Kyle, I am so sorry.
Kyle:
Marissa and I definitely
forged strong bonds,
and I think
she's gonna kill it
in the competition.
Love you, Kyle.
Oh, ho, ho.
India's video.
India,
your video's playing.
- Oh, my God.
- You're adorable, India.
You killed the ( bleep ).
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, India.
I feel really,
really great at last.
I got best video.
The judges kept saying
that they were waiting
for this moment
when I would start
to stand out,
and finally
this week I did it.
Oh, that was so fire.
India:
We're halfway through
this competition,
and I can definitely
see the light
at the end of the tunnel.
I only have
seven girls to beat.
That's a pretty small number--
pretty manageable,
so I really do think
I can win.
- Ah, I'm so proud.
- Thank you, girl.
- You're welcome.
- Oh, God I've been
waiting for that.
I'm just trying
not to jinx myself.
- I'm just waiting
to wow them.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like--
it's never my time,
like, you know.
I am just doing
the best that I can
to try to get best photo
and be at the top.
I mean, I just feel like
it hasn't been my week yet.
I feel like
I'm kinda overshadowed
by the personalities,
you know?
I'm here
for a bigger purpose
than myself.
My parents have been divorced
since I can remember,
and it was hard.
So I wanna to be able
to help my family,
provide for them.
Like, help my sister out,
help my family out,
help my mom out.
You're gonna shine
when there's a shoot
or stylist
that's inspired by you.
- Exactly.
- That's when
they're gonna give it.
Like,
you know what I mean?
Kyle.
She left some
awesome poetry...
- Did you?
- ...in a letter.
- Oh.
- I will miss her a lot.
Last panel was crazy.
Kyle was in
the bottom two
with me,
and you don't understand
how friggin' awkward that was,
especially since we've
started our little romance.
I didn't
expect that at all.
I wish that we could've
said something else to her
before she, like, left.
Ultimately,
I've always kept my head
very focused
that this
is a competition
and not to get
too close to anybody.
Yeah, it was a little sad,
because I mean,
she's my cuddle buddy and
everything, but, I mean,
hey, we can cuddle
after I win.
You guys...
Binta:Today I felt like
it was the hardest day
of my life in a way.
Like, one of the hardest.
Ashley and Law
was telling me
that they did not like
my video at all.
Oh, God,
that was so bad, Binta.
- Really?
- You looked
bat ( bleep ) crazy.
People basically
telling you
that your work
is horrible
at something
you love doing.
So I was really emotional
because this is
everything to me.
I was born in Gambia
and grew up poor,
but I came from
good parents,
and me doing this
for myself
is me doing something
good for my family.
That is why I know
I am fighting every day
of my life.
As long as you work hard
for something,
you can achieve anything.
And that is what
I'm going to do.
So that is gonna be the eggs
/ miscellaneous drawer.
And then you have
a freezer section, too.
Your freezer section
is poppin'.
- Let me see.
- It's poppin'.
Yeah.
No, I'm not.
( laughs )
Courtney...
On the inside, I kinda like
don't like her.
Like she's always complaining
about everything,
and she keeps being
disrespectful to people.
That is just sucky
to just be in this, like,
toxic environment.
And it's bothering me
to a point
where I have
to say something.
I've seen you, like,
the way you talk
to some of the people,and
it's been irking me.
It's just like your tone,
you're, like, short with them,
and you're rude,and when I've
beenseeing that I'm like,
"Ugh." I alwayswanna
say something.
People always think
that I'm, like, mad.
I literally have
resting bitch face,
so it's very easy
to misinterpret
if I'm pissed off
or if I'm happy.
I just wantedyou to
understandfor future
reference
that if I don't like the way
that you're treating someone,
I will say something.
I find that
interesting, though,
because when
there's been instances
where people haven't
treated me well,
you haven't said anything.
That has nothing
to do with what I'm saying.
I feel like this
is getting really heated.
It doesn't need to be
drawn into this whole thing.
Now you're trying
to make me look crazy.
She's like
trying to be like,
"Cory, calm down.
I'm not calling
you crazy.
- You said that, not me.
- Oh, my God.
This is a victim thing.
Okay, I don't wanna
talk about it anymore
'cause we're clearly
not gonna see eye-to-eye.
It's just
a runaround right now.
This house
is wearing on me,
and I just cannot
seem to get
a grip on living
with these
( bleep ) bitches.
A lot of these girls
have had things handed to them.
Coryanne,
for instance,
so it's really
hard for me
to be receptive
and understanding
when they
bitch about things.
I think it says something
about your character
when you've
literally fought with
80% of the house.
Dude, like, grow up.
It's totally her goal
to just cause drama
and get attention
and have everyone
talking about it.
It's not the
Courtney show.
It's the ( bleep )
Coryanne show.
Okay? I'm the superstar
in this bitch.
I'm like, "Ick."
That's how I feel about her.
So I'm like, "Ick."
Ah.
Hey, guys.
Rita alert.
Hi ladies, good morning,
and congratulations
on making it halfway
through the competition.
For the eight of you,
it's time to get a taste
of the high life.
So this week,
we want to remind you
what you're aiming for...
a life of luxury.
So designer Philipp Plein
wants you to
attend a party.
- All: What?
- Outside there's cars
to whisk you away
to his showroom.
Remember, be your boss
and command the room.
- We're going
to a party right now?
- Party.
- We're going to a party!
- Philipp Plein!
Philipp Plein
is a European designer,
and the all met Philipp
in casting week.
So we're gonna see
Philipp Plein,
but the first time he was
so intimidating to me.
Let's try it please again
because it was terrible.
It's called "Top Model"
not "Flop Model."
So I'm very nervous.
I really just hope
my personality can come through,
get past the nerves,
I can breathe through them.
Oh, my God.
Cody:
When we get the Rita message
about the high life,
I'm excited.
When I think
of the high life,
I think of private jets,
throwing money.
Everything that I would like
to do in my lifetime.
( all cheering )
Paige:
Philipp Plein's studio
is stunning.
The whole thing is set up
with clothes everywhere,
shoes, bags.
It is a girl's dream.
I feel sexy for once
in this entire competition.
These are the most
beautiful Paige sneakers
I've ever seen.
- Oh, I love this.
- This is nice.
That is nice.
Back home, I live
paycheck to paycheck,
but trying on
all these fancy dresses
and just a bunch
of expensive ( bleep ),
I'm feeling already
like a celebrity.
Like, I could definitely
get used to that.
Tati, she's like using the comb
on my scalp, it's like, ah.
( all laughing )
Courtney:
Coryanne is very phony.
Like, I thought
we were so close,
but, no, we're not.
And, honestly,
yesterday's incident,
it's been eating at me
and eating at me.
So I'm not in a good--
a good mindset.
I feel like a princess.
Today I'm a princess.
I've got
a full team with me.
Ever since I was younger,
my parents have always told me
that I was
high-maintenance
and shallow,
but I know that.
It's just how it is.
I love all my friends.
I love my social life.
I love how much I go out.
I love all the dinners I go to.
I love my style.
I love my job--
my perfect life-
it's perfect.
Ugh. I look so chic.
Courtney:
The difference between
Coryanne and I
is that she's used to getting
everything that she wants
and I'm used
to not getting anything,
and it clashes.
'Cause I need this.
I don't have
a bunch of money.
I don't have things
that are handed to me.
Like this is it for me.
( exhales deeply )
I feel like Cinderella.
If the shoe fits.
Give me the purse.
It isn't yours.
- Give it to me!
- Never.
It's weak,
it's weak, it's weak.
You're not, "Ugh,
I'm getting on the plane,"
you're, "Ugh!"
Getting on the plane.
She didn't really have
the special face.
- She didn't add any
value. - I don't think it's
us.
I don't think
it's the competition.
I think it's you.
India:
This house is decked out.
Every little inch
of this home
has been designed
to perfection.
Welcome, everybody.
You look amazing.
Tonight I'm gonna
host an exclusive party
in my house,
and you are
the feature attraction
of my party tonight
because you are wearing
the latest couture collection
straight from the runway.
There's no dress
which cost under $10,000.
- Okay?
- Wow.
Tonight you're
gonna be creating
a fashion editorial
come to life.
You'll be posing and
modeling in Philipp's gorgeous
creations
all over this
amazing, sick house.
Think of it like
a page torn from a magazine.
And, actually,
Diane Von Furstenberg
just showed
her last collection
this exact same way.
- Wow.
- In about 30 minutes,
this house is gonna be filled
with the fashion elite.
You never know
what celebrity guests
may pop in tonight.
And your job
is to work together
and work the room
in the best way
to model these clothes.
So we're gonna be
pairing you off and assigning
each group a room.
Room 1 will be
Tatiana and Coryanne,
Room 2 will be
Paige and Binta,
Room 3,
India and Courtney,
and in Room 4,
Cody and Marissa.
All of the guests tonight
will be voting
which door they think
makes the best live fashion
editorial of tonight.
I want to see you
performing.
And, girls,
I think you're really
gonna enjoy the prize.
Philipp Plein:
I think so, too.
I have to say
it's something very special.
I'm gonna take
the winner to Madison Avenue
where my store is
and open up
the store for you
and you can choose
whatever you want in the store.
Unlimited shopping spree
at Philipp Plein's store.
What?
This is the glamorous lifestyle
of being a top model.
So let's get you
up to your rooms,
start practicing,
because the guests
will be here in minutes.
( bottle pops )
You're just a live model.
My friend does this for
Gucci all the time at the store.
She just walks around
in her gown,
and she just
sells the clothes.
Let's think of a
storyline, and then we can just
act it out.
I could walk in
with the rose...
- Ooh! Okay, okay!
- Something like that.
We want to like
interact and engage.
We came up with this cool
little idea of us being
like a lesbian couple.
Interact
and like give them
some fun.
I don't know
if we're in a battle
or if we're
friends or what,
but we have some sort
of relationship.
Cody:Oh, ( bleep )
Jason Derulo is really here.
- Marissa: Really?
- I'm not kidding.
Cody:
Jason Derulo is an amazing
recording artist
who has tons of songs
on the pop charts.
It was really
crazy to see him.
I was so nervous.
I was shaking,
and I'm trying to keep
my composure
the entire time.
Welcome, everybody.
Tonight I have positioned
in all different rooms
two models
modeling my last runway
couture collection,
and I want you
to vote which room
and which two
you like best.
And then at the end,we
gonna count and decide
who's the winnerof tonight.
Enjoy this evening,
the party, the food, the drinks,
and of course,
the collection.
It's very
"Suicide Club,"
"Hunger Games,"
and "Glitter"
all together.
Man:
See, that's a great pose,
actually.
Marissa:
This challenge
is really important.
There's really
no time for screw-ups,
especially for me,
because I've already
been in the bottom
so I just need to push
myself 10 times harder.
Philipp:
Think about the fashion
editorials of the magazines.
Think about art.
It's not the dress
who makes the girl
look beautiful,
it's the woman who makes
the dress look beautiful.
India: Last week
I got best video,
and I'm hoping
to stay on top.
Man:
All right, here we go.
Let's see
a little bit more fashion.
a little bit more
editorial.
Attitude. Sophisticated.
Model the collection.
- Sit down, cross your legs.
- I like it. Really good.
- Just stay consistent.
- Yes.
Thank you, ladies.
You look beautiful.
Cody:
We were throwing roses,
pretending to be mad
at each other.
We put on our
acting faces.
Really getting
into character.
Give me the purse!
It isn't yours!
- You're crazy!
- How dare you!
- Give it to me!
- Never!
You sneaky little bitch.
- Give to me!
- Get out!
- Give me the purse!
- Never!
Yeah.
We're hearing
Cody and Marissa
screaming and making
a fool of themselves.
I was like,
"Philipp's gonna be
so disappointed."
- Give it to me!
- No!
It isn't yours!
Give me the purse!
Never.
So, girls,
it's empty here.
- You're not
attracting the people.
- No, they just left.
I am not overly
confident.
Growing up in Gambia,
I was poor,
so living in
a life of luxury
is so different,
and that's why
I'm fighting
is to get rid
of all that nervousness,
to get rid of
all the little insecurities
that tries to
pull me back.
You know,
I'll give you a tip.
You should have
different poses.
Let's make something crazy,
then something strong,
something sad,
something fun.
That looks likea cheap catalog.
It's a high-end
fashion editorial.
- That's it?
- You're not here to sit around.
This is a live
fashion installation.
This is supposedto look like
it was ripped from the
pages of a fashion editorial.
You should have few scenes
to interact with each other.
But now it's actually
already too late.
The room that did the best
is room number...
- Do you understand?
- Yes, I do.
- Or do you
say you understand?
- No.
Because you're
not understanding,
and I keep telling you.
I'm definitely driven
by not being at the top.
My goal is to be
the best at each challenge--
each photo shoot--
because I do have
all the qualities.
I just need to make sure
everyone knows it.
You guys
have the opportunity
to live the high life.
This is what it's like
to be a top model.
to meet the top of
the fashion industry.
We counted
all the guests votes
including Jason's.
Yeah, some of you did
great, some of you, you know,
I mean, hopefully
you'll use this as
a learning experience.
As I said already, girls,
I'm gonna take the winners
to Madison Avenue
where my store is,
and you can choose
whatever you want.
Paige:
It really sort of sank in
that this
challenge prize
is about to be
thousands of dollars
worth of Philipp Plein clothing.
According to
the votes of the guests,
the room
that did the best
is room number...
- Four.
- ( cheering )
I'm really surprised
because Cody and Marissa
were just screaming things
in the bathroom,
and I just don't think
that that's
elegant and sexy.
You have
worked out something
like a team,
and everybody
could see that.
That was my favorite room.
Cody and I frickin' win,
and it's really exciting
because I was
on the bottom last week,
and I needed to finally
get a win for something.
- Are you excited?
- Both: Yes!
( all laughing )
I will take you now
with me.
- Thank you.
- Bye, guys.
So, ladies,
we travel today in style.
Oh, my God, so we jump
into Philipp Plein's Rolls
Royce.
It's like
something out of a dream.
Philipp:
All right, go.
Everybody can choose
an outfit now.
- Both: Whoo!
- Whatever you want.
Here we are.
As you can see, the store
is still closed.
Being able
to walk up to his
closed store,
have him,
the owner-designer,
friggin' unlock the door,turn
on the lights and tell us,
"Go crazy.
Get whatever you want."
You'll need shoes,
dress, you need a bag,
you need a jacket.
This is really
only happening
in a dreamland
where a woman
can go in a shop
and they can
pick whatever they want.
This is so sick.
All these lines,
all these cuffings
with the zip.
- You like it?
- I love it.
That is so cute.
I feel like something from
"Pretty Woman."
I love it.
But without
the hooker part, okay?
- See you soon.
- And good luck for the show.
- Ciao.
- Thank you. Bye.
Are these
dirty or clean?
- The top part?
- Clean.
Come on, girls.
Rita alert!
Hi, ladies.
Today I'm sending you
to photo shoot
with Philipp Plein in
another luxurious setting.
And this time,
you're either gonna fly right
or risk going home.
Good luck.
Maybe there's a flight
in our future.
Barbados.
Should we all help each other
pack right now?
I feel like I'm just kinda
under the radar right now.
The judges know
that I have star potential,
but I feel like
they're waiting
for me to prove myself
and just wow them.
So I haven't
had that moment yet,
but it's coming.
There's a jet
standing over here
that's amazing,
and we saw
Philipp Plein's clothing,
so I was definitely excited
'cause I love his look.
The bags are so cool,
and the belts.
Courtney: Does
anybody have Benadryl?
- I don't.
- ( sniffles )
Hey, ladies.
Part of living the high
life is riding in style.
Just like Kim and Kanye
or Beyoncé and Jay-Z,
you're gonna be
photographed living the the Lux
life
in this private jet.
So, ladies, you got the
jet, you got the look,
all you're missing
is a hot travel companion
to pose in your shots.
- Jason Derulo.
- ( all screaming )
What's up, ladies?
Paige:
Jason Derulo walks out
of the plane,
and my heart just drops.
Everybody knows
Jason Derulo's songs
so I'm definitely feeling
the pressure a little bit.
I'm a little intimidated.
- Hi, ladies.
- All: Hi.
Today will be a chance for some
of y'all to redeem yourself.
I'm excited.
So I need y'all
to bring your A-game
'cause y'all gotta
make me look good.
All right,
let's start taking pictures.
'Cause time is money.
All right, India,
let's go.
- Get on the plane.
- Thank you.
India:
I've never been on
a private jet.
I've had
the chance a couple times,
but passed it up.
- Okay, Jason.
- Here he comes.
- Hello.
Here we go.
Let's do it.
Give me some attitude.
I want your hair
on the roof.
Yeah, like that, Jason,
that's great.
- ( bleep ).
- Yes.
- Right there.
- That's fabulous.
I have a feeling
that it might be two
best photos in a row.
Drew:
That's it.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you, darlin'.
This is my plane.
He's just a passenger.
- Exactly.
- I'm just--
I'm just here.
All right, Tatiana,
sell this bag.
- Beautiful.
- Arrogant.
Yesterday was a lot rougher
for a lot of the girls,
but, you know,
today I feel like a couple
people changed my mind.
- That's it, right
there. - It was just so
dope
to just be inside
a private jet with Jason.
I definitely went in there
with a boss mentality
- ready to just kill it.
- Okay, great. We're done.
- Are you ready, Coryanne?
- I am.
All right, let's go.
We're shooting you
with the plane
and the Rolls-Royce.
( shutter clicks )
Stronger!
I need you to really
find some tension
in your arms
and your hands.
Am I able to put the bag
down? You want it in my hands?
We have to see the bag.
This is not junior varsity
modeling.
Okay.
I have a lot of anxiety
like all the time
during this competition,
and I'm kind of bummed
that I was just on the stairs
and it was very posed.
There's not
much I could do,
but I wanna be like
on the top again.
Coryanne, it's weak.
It's weak, it's weak!
Stronger! Stronger!
You're not, "Ugh,
I'm getting on the plane."
You're, "Ugh!"
Getting on the plane.
Coryanne's struggling
pretty hard.
She doesn't have her head
in the competition.
Come on, it's
the Lux life.
I'm getting on my plane.
I'm leaving everyone behind.
The paparazzi are taking
pictures of me.
I need a sexier shape,
like, yeah.
Well, sort of,not really.
Coryanne, she didn't
really have the special face on
today.
Like, I didn't like
her expression.
- Not so good.
- ( shutter clicks )
- Okay, you're done.
- Done!
Hey, that's great!
- Super! It's amazing.
- Move the whole body back.
- That's it.
- I love it.
- Yeah, that's great.
- Beautiful!
- That's done.
- Done, yeah.
Done. You got it perfect.
Beautiful.
- I'm supposed to hold
this? - You gotta work the bag.
You gotta sell product.
You gotta look hot.
- I'm selling it.
- You gotta look like
you're not selling product.
Got it.
Come on, Courtney,
I need more with your leg.
- Like--
- With my leg, okay.
One leg is two steps up.
- Movement!
- Give me a lot of--
This skirt won't
allow me to just--
- Try it!
- Got it.
Again today
Courtney's off.
She was at the high,
high point of the competition,
and now she just kind of
like dwindled off.
That leg should
go higher.
It's the-- the skirt.
Oh, maybe not, okay.
Courtney didn't bring
any energy in the camera,
in the picture.
She didn't add any value.
That's it.
Okay? Okay.
- Hi. Oh, hi.
- Hi, babe.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
Oh, my God, it was rude!
A 25 year old
cannot behave like that.
Meet and greet.
- Quick fan.
- All good?
I am not feeling confident
that I got the shot.
I don't have anything
to go back to.
Like, this competition
is everything to me,
and we're down
to eight girls.
And that means that I could
be the one going home.
There's no boss initiative
coming out of this photograph.
It's a bit catalog
and not really our campaign.
- It's your first time
on a private jet?
- Yes.
- How we feeling?
- I wanna enter
the mile high club.
I've never been on a P.J.
Private jet.
I was def feeling
a little bit like
Janet Jackson
'cause my boobs
kept popping out,
but I didn't really mind
if Jason got a little peek.
That's nice.
Gorgeous.
( shutter clicking )
This is my man.
No, just joking.
That's nice.
Just like that.
It's beautiful.
Marissa and Cody
won yesterday.
Marissa did well
today again.
She was like,
"This is my jet.
We about to fly
to Maui tonight."
And that was it.
And I think we're good.
- Whoo!
- Thank you, brother.
- Yo, let's go, Jason.
- Sounds good.
Good luck,
good luck.
I feel really great
about living the high life.
I got to ride
in a Rolls-Royce yesterday.
Today being on
a private jet is like--
- it keeps getting
better and better.
- Beautiful.
Nice, long legs.
Love it.
- Beautiful, huh?
- Beautiful, nice.
Okay, we're good.
Let's go!
Are you ready?
Yes, I am ready.
I need to give
these judges good images
so that they don't have
nothing to say about me.
Nothing.
Binta, you gotta
find a very kind of
insanely bitchy attitude.
Okay.
You own it!
You own the place!
I don't want any fear
at all in my heart.
I want to just achieve it
and know that I can do this.
Look sexy and tall.
Go back a little bit, Jason,
so we give her some tension,
give her something
to pull against.
You can lean away from him,
but you get lower, get lower.
- Got it, okay.
- Get lower.
- Lower, lower.
- Start low.
Find a sexy
way to do that.
- That's it,
lean away from him.
- I know.
It's almost boredom.
Jason Derulo is so handsome,
he's got that attitude
that just steals
the frame,
and so you've gotta model
against that.
Grab me and actually
like pull me up and I'll--
But it's nice
when you're leaning away.
Binta, you can hold his hand.
But it's just like
you're in control.
It's not like--
I think Binta
seemed very nervous.
I don't know if it was
all the distractions
of all the things.
She doesn't take us there,
which is a problem.
Lean away from him.
Don't do the neck back
so far. Again!
Binta:
You never know
what the judges
are also thinking
in their head.
Maybe the jacket
is too challenging.
Binta, just work it now.
They could decide
to send me home.
Okay, you're done.
That's a rap, everyone.
Thanks, Jason.
For you, Tati. Right here.
How did you guys
feel about today?
I really don't know
for panel.
The last time I felt good,
and this time I feel good.
I don't know.
But you just never know.
- Yeah.
- Exactly.
Being on the bottomlast
week makes me feel like
any time is my time
at this point.
- I feel you. -
Which scares the ( bleep ) out
of me.
It's just getting down
to the nitty gritty,
and I feel like with me
they never really have
any like direct criticism,
but they don't have
anything extraordinary to
say,
so it's like I'm hoping
that this can be my week.
I need to win.
I need this.
Everybody's like, "No! Cory!
You're confident.
Relax! Don't be
nervous up there."
Yeah, yeah.
Courtney, her and I, really,
really had a hard time
doing the shoot.
So we're all nervous
going into panel,
but I realize that
Courtney's the only person in
the house
I've had like
conflict with.
And I wanted
to talk to her.
I've been wondering.
In a completely
non-insensitive way,
who did you grow up with?
Maybe you guys will get
a better understanding of me.
Me and my mom were
homeless for a year and a half--
a year when I was younger.
And then when I was
seven years old
we got our
first apartment.
And my mom made friends
with the wrong people,
and she was also
a severe hoarder,
- so I had no friends.
- Wow.
Never had anyone over.
For 17 years I had
to wake up every morning
and go to school
and put a smile on my face
and pretend like nothing
at home was happening.
Nobody knew what
was going on with me.
Like I raised myself.
I mean, my mom never
said that she loved me.
I've never heard that
come out of her mouth.
That was my life
for 16 years
till she kicked me
out on the street
with nothing but a suitcase
the size of India's
with a couple
shirts and pants.
Cory.
Oh, Cory.
It was so heavy,
and I couldn't--
It's not something you like,
you would ever read,
if that makes sense.
It's like a real hurt.
And I just couldn't take it.
I was like no one deserves
to be treated like that.
It's unfair.
Everyone needs love.
Oh, Cory.
Come here.
- I feel bad.
- No, no, no, no.
It's okay.
No, no, no.
I want to be
an inspiration
because I didn't have
an inspiration when
I was young.
I'm not just
a pretty face,
and it's time for me
to prove that.
Oh, my God, girl.
It's okay.
Hello, ladies.
This week we gave you
a taste of the high life.
Couture clothing,
an exclusive VIP party,
and a private jet,
complete with
a celebrity companion.
Let's say hello
to our amazing judges.
Gorgeous supermodel
and body activist
Ashley Graham.
Our amazing image
architect to the stars, Law
Roach,
and our incredible
creative consultant
and chief creative officer
at "Paper" magazine, Drew
Elliott.
The winner of
"America's Next Top Model"
will receive $100,000
and be featured
in a commercial thanks
to Rimmel London.
In addition, the winner
will also be featured
in a fashion spread
thanks to
"Paper" magazine
and get an exclusive one-year
talent deal with VH1.
First up, Marissa,
I like that you won
the challenge,
since this last week
you were very told off
about your attitude.
So that's a really
nice flip.
- Thank you.
- Wow.
Should we have
a look at your photo?
Ashley:
I never saw you look
more young in a photo.
You look like a baby.
Definitely looks
like a Guess ad.
The '90s were
about excess.
And over the top.
This is so Baby Phat to me.
I love this because
I'm obsessed with Kimora.
- And this is very that
way. - You look like one of her
daughters there.
- Yeah, she does.
- Thank you.
Thank you so
much, Marissa.
India, how are you?
I feel good.
I thought I did a good job,
so I'm excited to see
if it translated.
- Let's have a look.
- Panel: Oh!
- Rita: India!
- Law: Wow.
Rita:
This is the best photo
I've seen of you
in this whole
competition.
This is the fist time
in the competition
that I actually wanna
( bleep ) you.
- Wow!
- You see what I'm saying?
That's what I want.
I want someone to be
best friends with,
that I wanna sleep with,
that I wanna put my make up
and my clothes on to,
and I think Philipp
will agree with me
on saying you're giving
face, honey.
I am very much a person
that is obsessed
with the girls
from the '90s,
and you are giving me
'90s Versace sex,
Claudia Schiffer face.
Pictures like this
and faces like that
is what made me want
to be in fashion.
Rita:
Thank you.
Paige, let's talk
about your photos,
shall we?
I wish you like
extended your leg out.
You could have played
a lot with that dress.
This is the thing, Paige,
I have done this exact
same photo shoot
for my lingerie line,
and I'm a very curvy girl,
so I had to create
so much to go
with this, right?
And to me there's
not really a story
that's been put into this.
And with your body,
with your hair,
with your face,
you have to create
the story,
because the clothes
are always going to be dope.
I think that's the thing
that I don't like about it
is it's a bit catalog
and not really our campaign.
I disagree. I think
the shot is great.
There are a couple of things
you could have done better.
Like, I don't like the way
that you're grabbing the rail
like underhanded.
I think it would have been
a different way for your arm
and your hand to look softer.
But that being said, I do feel
like you're selling things.
I do feel like
you're doing your job
as a model in this photograph.
Thank you, Paige.
Binta.
I just wanna say
I am dying right now.
- Why?
- I really, really
want a good image.
I don't wanna see
anything less.
Let's take a look
at your photo.
A great photo, but it's
not mind-blowing, you know?
It's very similar to last
weekand the week before that.
And this week I really
wanted to see something
different from Binta, you know?
In the photo shoot,
every shot I made sure
I was giving energy.
I really believe every
week you wanna come in
and you wanna grow
and you wanna do better,
but when you get close up,
we see a certain levelof
uncertainty in your face,
and at this point
in the competition,
you shouldn't
have that anymore.
The face close up
is not what I see
when I look at the mirror.
How you see yourself
in the lens
and how you see yourself
in the mirror are two
different things.
I don't think it's us.
I don't think
it's the competition.
I think it's you.
I think you need
to click with yourself
and come back out here
if you make it through
and really figure out
who you are
and what you're
doing here.
You need to find Binta
again because she's missing.
Thank you, Binta.
Next up, Tatiana.
- Hi.
- Hi, guys.
Let's have a look
at your photo.
I'm really happy
about this photo
because you've done good.
Great. Hey, there's
another great shot of Tatiana.
This is just taking it
to another level.
This, you killed it.
You are definitely
representing the high life.
I believe that
that's your man.
You guys
are on the way to Ibiza,
or something fabulous.
You just spent a
couplehundred thousand dollarsn
clothes.
Like,
this is the high life.
- This is what
this week was about.
- Good job.
- You killed it.
- Thank you.
Coryanne.
Let's see if this week
can top last week.
It doesn't look
like your plane.
It looks like Jason's
come off the plane
and you are a really hot
air hostess.
I feel as if there's
no boss initiative
coming out of
this photograph.
I wanna like this photo.
I just think you look
a little stiff.
I just see like,
"I'm a model."
Because the thing is
you have it in you,
but in this photo
you didn't.
Thank you, Coryanne.
Cody, congratulations
on winning the challenge.
Whoo!
Did you get this coat there?
- I wanted a leather jacket
so bad, and I just--
- Aww.
I'm just so happy
that I got one.
Thank you, Philipp.
Thank you. Call me later.
I'm gonna borrow
that jacket.
Should we look
at your photo?
- I love it.
You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
Your body language
is amazing.
You are the only one
that looks like
they've been on
a private jet before.
You're pretty
but you're effortless,
and you're kind of here
based on the message like,
"This is my plane.
Remember that."
- Thank you, Cody.
- Thank you, guys.
Courtney, let's get
to the photo.
- Okay.
- All right.
Oh, that's really not doing
anything for you, is it?
I had like really
bad allergies,
- so I was a little
sniffly on the set.
- Oh, girl.
- Did this really just
happen? No, you didn't. -
What?
You said allergies?
No! I thought we weren't
complaining anymore.
It's like Courtney
the complainer is back.
A boss would own this.
I'm done babying you,
and I know that we have
this conversation almost
every week.
You're great.
I think you're pretty,
but it's like between
the allergies
and the complaints,
and the babying
and all that stuff,
you are just,
again, count yourself out.
- Do you know how much
this costs?
- Yes.
- To bring Jason Derulo
to you?
- No, of course.
To bring a Rolls-Royce
to you?
- Do you know how much
it costs?
- No, of course.
And I think all of you
struggle with this.
This is really expensive.
And so when you show up
and you have allergies,
and you have a bad day,
what am I supposed to do?
Throw it away?
If you were that person
that did that,
I would never
have you back again.
And let me tell you,
I have a lot of friends.
They wouldn't
have you back either.
- No, I-- totally understand.
- It's like, come on.
- Do you? Do you
understand? - Yes, I do.
Or do you say
you understand?
- No.
- Because you're not
understanding,
and I keep telling you,
and you're gonna understand.
- Thank you.
Okay, models,
now it's time
for us to decide
who will be getting
best photo
and who will
be going home.
Models, welcome back.
The judges have deliberated.
If I call your name,
you'll be staying
another week
to prove you have
what it takes to be
the next top model.
The person who is getting
best photo this week is...
- Tatiana.
- Thank you.
This is your first
best photo,
but will you be able
to stay at the top?
Hopefully it's more
than just luck.
- Keep it up.
- Thank you so much.
India.
- Good job.
- Thank you.
Cody.
Marissa.
It's getting really,
really tough, guys.
I only have three
spots left.
Paige.
The next name
I'm gonna call is...
Coryanne.
Will Courtney and Binta
please step forward?
When we first started
this competition,
you two models
were the girls to beat.
Binta, we know you're
amazing. We need you to know
that.
You have a beautiful face,
but for the last few weeks,
we haven't seen it in photos.
The judges worry
that your insecurities
have gotten the best of you
in this competition.
Courtney, it's clear
that the camera loves you.
Week after week,
your face delivers,
but this competition
is more than just being
a pretty face.
At this point, you should
be getting better and better.
Not worse.
Who is gonna stay?
Courtney.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
You made it another week,
and you still have the chance
to become next top model.
- I'm so sorry, Binta.
- I appreciate it.
You have to remember
what I said, okay?
Yeah, thank you.
Came in here believing
that I have it all,
and I couldn't
show it in photos,
and that is my struggle.
I would do it again
if I could.
There's a lot of people
that would like to be
in my position.
I'm grateful for it.
I'm thankful for it.
Bye, Binta.
I will be a
successful model.
It will happen.
It's part of me.
This week you're going
to be part of an ensemble.
India:
Oh, my God!
I'm back, bitches!
Rita:
We're creating
a full music video.
Please help me introduce
French Montana.
Drew:
Marissa, it's your moment.
- ( bleep ) to you too.
- Turn it around.
Rita:
You have such a great look,
but do you want
to be here, right now?
Because I kind of feel
like you don't.
I want this spot so bad.
Woman:
Again. Come on. Come on.
Last one, make it
count.nCome on!
( sirens wail )
We see your beauty.